Juston Kraus with garage flooring LLC
today we're going to take a look at the
difference between PVC tiles and
polypropylene garage floor tiles PVC are
flexible tiles polypropylene or rigid
tiles you can see also a major
difference in the size and the way the
two products lock together
polypropylene tiles use a male and
female side whereas the PVC tiles use a
puzzle locking system here you see the
difference between a male and female
locks on the polypropylene tile the
loops are considered the female the pegs
are considered the male lock
polypropylene tiles are generally
regarded as a thicker tile however it is
important to note that the underside is
hollow
on the PVC tiles you can see the T lock
system that goes all the way around the
tile there is no difference from one
edge to the other PVC tiles are a little
bit harder to keep clean
looking at the underside you can see
that the PVC tiles are very solid
rigea tiles will be damaged by blunt
force you can see the tile has clearly
become disfigured and is dented on the
underside of the tile you can see the
support structure has been severely
damaged
PVC towels perform better under blunt
force on inspection you'll see that
there's absolutely no damage to a PVC
tile after being struck with a hammer
multiple times with equal or greater
force than a polypropylene tile
polypropylene tiles are rigid they don't
bend very much and they're relatively
loud that can be addressed with
underlayment PVC tiles are more flexible
but may stain from automotive tires